Come down here sweetheart. Come on. Is she yours?
Yes father
Deal with your own jewels
Dad, I trust that she's not gonna talk
Marcus
The only people who don't talk are dead people trust no one outside the family. She's my fiance
Marcus move aside. Listen to me dad. You're the one that taught me that a man must protect his woman at all costs
That's what I'm doing right now
Visions a beauty. I'm sorry about my baby. I didn't mean to scare you Betty. What is your name?
Eddie
Betty what a great name
So when is the big day soon?
Really soon mr. Wade here
Throw that dress on here. You're gonna go meet my whole family right now, okay
I'm not marrying you
What makes you think that I want to marry a girl like you your hotel housekeeper your stripper
Then why don't you let me go? I will you think my dad's gonna let you go though after you just saw him fucking kill somebody
Huh? I don't think so put the dress on and let's go for your mother's sake Marcus
Is this your fiance?
Yes, it is
I thought our family was for me in alliance with the Gambino family
By you marrying Kelly
Can anyone tell me who the hell this?
Betty is which family does she belong to?
Uncle John
Who I choose as my wife is my right?
You ain't a kid. No more Marcus grow up. I'm not the only one who's against this nobody's gonna change my mind
Nobody you see about that the Wade family deserves a stronger alliance
Marcus for the family's benefit. You should reconsider your son's marriage to
Betty
otherwise
There could be a division
Within the family. I'm a joke. Are you threatening me? It's just a suggestion
Marcus
Betty seems like an ordinary girl. I still believe the Kelly of their Gambino family
Your wiser choice
Marcus
Tell everyone. What does this girl do?
Well uncle John if you don't mind me asking what exactly were you doing when you met a catheter in here for a truck driver, right?
How dare you speak like that?
Betty is my woman. Nobody's gonna stop us
Okay, I'm gonna marry her and nobody can stop us. I disagree
Kelly what the hell are you doing here?
Remember the jewelry lost
The jewelry that the long-to-us the Gambino family
The Gambino family is willing to buy gone. Say bye. Go under one
Condition estimated Kelly. I think these are two separate matters. Have a restock conflating the two, right?
What do you think?
The Gambino family is an answer to you. I'm afraid
I need some time to make it more sterile. My study. Stay here, okay?
Nobody loves you more than I do Marcus. You're a menace Kelly. There's nothing more
That I hate the menaces. You cross a line. And who the hell are you?
How dare you seal Marcus from me? I
steal him from
There has been a huge misunderstanding. I'm the one who's supposed to be his bride name your price disappear from his world forever
Honestly, I don't want to marry him. I'm being forced to
Right, I almost believe you. It's a hundred thousand enough. 200,000. Seriously. It's not about the money
Don't trust my patience. You're getting way over your head
friendly advice. I have a thousand ways to deal with money-loving
Super-fless bitches like you
You know, I never plan to get into your little family drama
You know that I'm here. I won't leave Marcus's side unless he wants me to
And we'll see who the bitches
We shall see pretty soon. Marcus
Has no choice but to make me Marcus
losing a batch of jewelry is
Too much for the family. I choose Betty. There's nothing to apply. I wanted a son
Your decision not only puts this family in jeopardy
It also gets you expelled from this family. You know the consequences. Yeah, I do
I made up my mind. I hope you don't live to regret it. There is no regret in my book
Hold on
by the family rules
You're not allowed to take any assets with you very well. I don't like being threatened
And I certainly have no obligation to pay for the family's mistakes. That's that's for sure
I'll get the hell out of here now. Let's go. Where are we going?
To your house
No
Why? I just severed ties with my family. I'm penniless and homeless and sure as hell owe me one. So let's go
You just severed ties with your family for me. You just met me like two days ago. Why don't you understand?
It's too late for all that now. You just witnessed my father fucking kill somebody if you leave me now
They're gonna kill you too. You get it?
So let's go
Thought you said we were going to my house
I'm gonna make a quick stop first
What exactly are you looking for?
My family's lost jewelry trying to reclaim what's mine
Well, it's truly mine
In there
No
Of course not
But I think that there's a mole in the family
Or maybe even the Gambino family's stealing from within. I don't know either way. I'm gonna get to the bottom of this
Okay
By yourself
No
I got you, right
My assistant
No, I already have two jobs. I'm trying to pay for my mother's medical expenses
I don't have time for your bullshit
You know, I forgot to mention
I never paid Michael for that hundred grand
I could easily file a complaints thing that you assaulted me
Based on that stupid contract that you signed
That hundred grand would be your responsibility
So let me know what you think about that. Please do not do that
Okay
Then let's make a deal
I cover your mother's medical expenses
You continue to be my assistant
And my fiance
But I thought you said you just got kicked out of your family and you were broke
Congratulations
Consider your mother's medical expenses covered
This is only $50,000
What that's not enough. It's my getaway money for situations like these
No, it's
It's enough. It's just
Just what?
Well, if I take it, what are you gonna do?
Just take it
It's for your survival. I can't take it
Betty, come on. Listen to me
I meant what I said. I want you to take the money and take care of your mom
Unless you stick to the plane
Your mind now and I need you to cooperate
Remember, it's just a deal
It's between me and you
That's it
So this is your place, huh?
You've never seen such a small house before
I'm gonna go take a shower
You wanna join me?
I'll go start cooking
Why aren't you wearing any clothes?
I don't know. I'll help you feast your eyes on my body a little bit more. Looks good
Thank you
That is really good
Yeah?
Really good
We taught you how to cook
My mom
She is the most important person in my life
She must have been an excellent cook and tell you that
She was
She taught me a lot of cooking skills
She always said cooking is an expression of love
Yeah, she was a really hard worker
She really wanted me to go to college so she
Picked up three jobs
Felt me through it
And she, uh, earned herself out three years ago
What about your father?
He left us when I was five
I'm sorry to hear that
It's just a deal
Nothing more
We'll see who it is
I can't see who it is
Hey, Betty, you home?
Don't
It's my colleague
I want him to leave now
Get him the fuck out of here
I'm gonna do what they just got back to me
Who's there?
It's me, Anthony
I've already gone to bed
Look, I'm sorry to bother you this late
I actually came by earlier
But you weren't home
Yeah, is it alright if I come in?
Hey, Betty
Hey, Anthony
You, uh, got a guest over
A boyfriend?
No, no, I
It's my brother
No
He's here to visit my mom
Cool
Hey, maybe I could comment and say hi
No, he doesn't like talking to strangers
Listen, I didn't see you at work today
Is everything okay?
Yeah, do you need me to do any
You should have paid more
Just, I had to visit my mom
So
Oh, yeah, um
If it's about money, um, I think that this can help
Well, where did you get that?
Don't worry
This money is clean and safe
It's for you and your mom
Come on
Anthony, no, I can't take that
I can't take it
Okay, it's a lot
It's late, I mean, I'm tired
Are you tired?
We should go to bed
I love to
I know that's a bit bold
Um, I was afraid that if
I didn't confess to you that, uh, I'd lose you forever
Love you, buddy
I really love you
Can you give me a chance?
I appreciate you
Really, you're four years younger than me
I mean, you're like my little brother
I know that I'm younger, but I know what love is
Love?
Anthony, you don't even know
You can't
No, but I can
I can't, I can't
I can't do anything that a man can do
I could probably do it better
Anthony, I know you're a great man
But we're just not right for each other
How do you know?
How do you know it's not right
If you don't give it a try
Look, I'm so sorry
You should go
Forgive me, Betty
Betty
What the hell was that, Betty?
Anthony, he's my coworker
Don't lie to me
I saw him kiss you
Don't bullshit me, okay?
He's young
I don't want other men
Touching my woman
Not anyone's belonging, Marcus
You belong to me, only to me
And I don't want you to forget that
I don't ever want another man to touch you
Ever again
And if he tries, I'll fucking kill him
Do you understand?
So you like it when men just kiss you
Oh, this thing
Hey, Betty's not coming into work today
Okay
Marcus, you have no right to interfere with my job
Actually, I do
You're my assistant now
We have to read on it
On my days off
Not your slave, Marcus
Late
No show
Three days in a row
I just can't put up with it anymore, Betty
You're fired
Please don't do this, Rex
I'm sorry
I really need this job
Blaming on your boyfriend
Or whoever it is you're sleeping with
I mean, who does he think he is talking to me like that
Bastard
God
What are you still doing here?
You made me lose my battle
Get out
But maybe look at you again
Hey, Betty
Glad to have you back
Ready?
I just kept fired
What?
Who fired you?
Was it Rex that idiot?
I swear to God
You're forced out
I think you're gonna get in trouble
No, how dare he though
You've been working so hard
It will be the hotel's loss to have you fired
Thank you, Anthony
You know what?
I'm gonna talk to him
I'm sure he can convince his mind
No, Anthony
He'll change his mind
Don't get yourself in trouble for me
Please forgive my rude and reckless words
I got a call from the boss just now
Congratulations
You've been assigned the manager position
of the customer service department
It's a big step up
in all the waters under the bridge now
Hey, Betty
Congrats on the promotion
Very impressive
Thank you
I actually have some pretty cool news as well
I just got transferred here
So from now on you're my new boss
Anthony, Rex said that the boss promoted me
But I don't even know who the boss is
I mean there has to have been a mistake or something
Don't overthink it
I mean, never in here has seen your hard work
You know, you deserve this
Listen, you're uh, you're not still mad about
Yesterday
Are you the kiss?
You know I'm really sorry
Just don't let it happen again
You're my only friend in the hotel after all
Betty
There's a guest in room 1401
who seems to be in some trouble
She specifically requested you to handle it
Uh, okay, I'll be right there
I'll come with you
I didn't expect to meet you so soon
Can I help you with something, Kelly?
I just checked in
And there's already wine stains on my bed sheet
Is that something that you're disgusting?
Can I see them?
How's that $1,000 dress?
You spilled that on yourself
Is that your hotel treats?
Yes
I'll file a complaint
I can testify, you deliberately bumped into her
So what?
I'm part of the Gambino family
Who do you think will believe the words of you
low lives?
Come on Betty
She's not worth her time
A housekeeper
Is a housekeeper
I want you to remember your place
Stay away from Marcus
You don't deserve him
Marcus?
Marcus Wade?
Pick the mafia guy?
Betty